chore: add missing Authenticator text to default (#3550)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: .changeset/new-meals-serve.md

---
"@aws-amplify/ui": patch
---

> chore: add missing Authenticator text placeholders to deafult text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chore: add missing Authenticator text placeholders to default authenticator text and `en` dictionary
```
